To get our project ready to copy for the next demo,
I've gone ahead and closed any of the open files we had from the previous demo.
To copy a project inside of IntelliJ,
you actually don't do it inside of the IDE itself.
You do it at the filesystem, so I'm going to switch over to my finder window,
and you want to right-click on your folder,
and just say Copy, and actually Paste.
That's it.
Just a simple copy/paste.
You can do it from the command line,
you can do it from your Windows Explorer window.
I'm on a Mac.
I can do it in my finder window.
And you want to go ahead and change the name of this
folder to whatever you'd like it to be.
So I'm going to name mine conference-java,
and then you want to switch back to your IDE.
Once in my IDE, I want to go ahead and go to File,
Open, and navigate down to that project,
and select it, and you have a choice of New Window or This Window.
I'm going to choose This Window.
It actually replaces the existing contents we have with our new project,
just so we're not confused about which one we're doing,
any edits or anything like that.
And then I've got to do a couple of things before we
just get going and dive right in.
First off, I want to make sure that the project was renamed,
but it never actually renames the conference.iml.
To rename that, we want to right-click on it and say Refactor,
Rename, and change that to whatever our project name is,
so mine was conference-java.
If you did something else, you will want to name it that,
obviously, and click Refactor.
And then I'm going to open up my pom.xml and change
the artifactId to conference-java.
I'm going to do this just so that there isn't any
conflicting Maven artifacts out there.
If we did a Maven install or a publish, they wouldn't clash with one another.
Now, we've got those changes made.
I'm going to go ahead and navigate to my source, main, java, Application file.
And you can open it up or you can right- click on it and run it from there.
If I right-click on the main method and say Run,
the first time we do this, it's going to pull up this Edit configuration dialog.
The Edit configuration dialog wants us to change two specific things.
The use of the classpath module,
you'll see right now it says that no module is selected,
and that's because we moved it and renamed it.
So I want to choose conference-java, again,
if you renamed yours something else,
you'll want to choose that classpath module name.
And you want to make sure you have the JRE installed.
So,
you have a default option if you've configured that inside of
your IDE or you can choose a specific version.
I'm going to go ahead and choose Java 11.0 .2 to make sure that
that's the one that I always want this to run with,
and I want to click Run.
Then our application will build for a second and open up and run,
and you should see the output from our previous demo the
same as in our new copied project.
So we should see that Bryan, or if you used your name there,
output, and it finishes with an exit code of 0.
If you get anything but this,
you have something not copied correctly or configured right,
so make sure you fix that before you move on. To begin configuring